Mike asked me to meet with him to look at his program and see if I think there are any issues to double cherck his gui functionality


Assignment name: Assignment 5: Basic GUI - The game of Craps
TCSS 305 A: Programming Practicum, Autumn 2022


Name: Caleb Krauter
UWNetID: Krauter1


This assignment is designed to test our knowledge of everything we have learned thus far in the class. We use the model, view, controller design pattern, practice good style, defensive coding, and work hard to finish a full project from scratch while learning new skills along the way. We get to use our knowledge of gui and implement our own design. This assignment is similar to a final but gives us the amount of time we need to test our knowledge and our limits. I have learned a lot from this assignment.


This assignment was a lot of fun. I worked hard to implement the MVC design pattern. I tried to use a lot of creativity and got to work with java paintcomponent. I learned how to play audio at specific points in my project. The hardest parts of this assignment were implementing the betting functionalities correctly and working in messy code that I wrote. This encourages me to be cleaner as I go and solve more problems as I go instead of trying to make the most basic program possible and fixing it later. I need to fix and update parts of the project as I go so that it improves over time and is more organized and easier to work on as I go. You shouldn’t find any bugs in my code. Though I am not particularly proud of how much redundancy there is. FOR EXTRA CREDIT I used creativity by adding different color panels, poop-emoji images/icons, sounds for rolling the dice, pressing buttons and menu items, and music. For extra credit I also implemented paintcomponent to draw the dice for any given roll. I had a lot of fun with this. I have spent over 50 hours on this assignment which has helped me grow a lot and refresh my memory. I got very frustrated with the bet system and spent many hours on it. Implementing sound was very easy though and I enjoyed myself with that.


Unresolved problems
I didn’t have enough time to finish my javadoc. I emailed Tom and I waiting to see if I can submit again with finished jdocs.